README.md, before:

# Malumat

## A simple but useful MySQL version control system

A MySQL database version control system that you can use with XAMPP, MAMP, WAMP installations on MacOSX. I wrote this because I wanted to also push database files in Git commits. Pretty useful for me in Wordpress projects. Just setup your credentials with `./malumat env` then, add your **mysqldump** and **mysql** executables, then push & pull like Git. Save your work then add it to your repo. Probably there are thousands of scripts like that but I just needed a basic one for myself. 


## Sample usage in Wordpress folder structure:

Using the root folder of Wordpress, of course can be used in any folder but extract project files like this.
<pre>
wordpress/
|--- wp-content/
|--- wp-config.php
|--- wp-config-sample.php
|--- ... 
|--- ... 
|--- ... 
|--- database/
|--- malumat
|--- malumatenv
|--- ... 
|--- ... 
|--- ... 
</pre>

## Available commands:

`./malumat env` to set database, user credentials and MySQL executables.
`./malumat push` to push the database from your local ./database folder to your MySQL installation.
`./malumat pull` to pull the database content from your MySQL installation.
`./malumat save` to save a copy of the database content from your MySQL installation.
`./malumat show` to see what you saved in ./database
`./malumat flush` to remove all temporary saves in ./database

### Thanks for interest.

Needs a lot of detailed work but it is working enough for me now. I hope it may be useful for someone too. Especially for starter Wordpress developers.


Cheers...

Commit message:

windows support added, README modified

README.md, after:

# Malumat

## A simple but useful MySQL version control system

A MySQL database version control system that you can use with XAMPP, MAMP, WAMP installations on MacOSX. I wrote this because I wanted to also push database files in Git commits. Pretty useful for me in Wordpress projects. Just setup your credentials with `./malumat env` then, add your **mysqldump** and **mysql** executables, then push & pull like Git. Save your work then add it to your repo. Probably there are thousands of scripts like that but I just needed a basic one for myself. 

## Now Windows is also supported

Needs work but I already needed to use it in Windows, so I'll develop it in time. You can enter your database credentials in `malumat.bat` and type `malumat.bat pull` or `push`. Other commands will be added in future.


## Sample usage in Wordpress folder structure:

Using the root folder of Wordpress, of course can be used in any folder but extract project files like this.
<pre>
wordpress/
|--- wp-content/
|--- wp-config.php
|--- wp-config-sample.php
|--- ... 
|--- ... 
|--- ... 
|--- database/
|--- malumat
|--- malumatenv
|--- ... 
|--- ... 
|--- ... 
</pre>

## Available commands:

`./malumat env` to set database, user credentials and MySQL executables.
`./malumat push` to push the database from your local ./database folder to your MySQL installation.
`./malumat pull` to pull the database content from your MySQL installation.
`./malumat save` to save a copy of the database content from your MySQL installation.
`./malumat show` to see what you saved in ./database
`./malumat flush` to remove all temporary saves in ./database

### Thanks for interest.

Needs a lot of detailed work but it is working enough for me now. I hope it may be useful for someone too. Especially for starter Wordpress developers.


Cheers...
